# Amazon Phone Review

This data is about phones reviews from Amazon customers. In this dataset, we can find how satisfied customers are for a certain product that they bought and their thoughts in detail. The brands that their data are served in this dataset are:
1.	Motorola
2.	Samsung 
3.	Apple 
4.	Sony 
5.	Nokia 
6.	Huawei 
7.	Google 
8.	ASUS 
9.	OnePlus 
10.	Xiaomi

This data was started to be taken since 2005. 

On this project, I extracted interesting information that we can get from this data. What is a brand with the highest customer satisfaction? How price affected customer satisfaction, etc. Understanding the complains that came from the customers is also important. But reading the bad review one by one wouldn’t be a nice solution. Then, the only way to make it simpler and more quickly is asking the machine to do that. I used Pipeline API from Hugging Face and T5 as the algorithm.

This is one example of review that are generated by our model. This is a summary of Samsung Galaxy Note 9 that was sold in 2019. 

_“Clearly has visible scratch from further than 12 inches so already fails Amazon Renewed specifications . Likely to return this unless it functions very well and the scratch on the screen doesn't reflect too much to be noticed throughout the day . Likely going to return it unless it works very well . Item came scratched. Item was scratched. Returning. Item came scratching. Item went missing. Item returned. Item is scratched. Items are scratched. It's scratched. We're scratching. We'll get it back. Item will be scratched. Back to Mail Online home . Back to the page you came from . Phone would not recognize my Verizon sim card, ( I did order a Verizon phone) it imei # was unavailable . Phone would restart over and over. I did factory reset still not working. I will be sending phone back to Verizon . Will be sending it back . Screen protector on phone arrived with a screen protector that didn't fit, wasn't attached properly, and was hiding a significant number of scratches . Spent significant amount of time on the phone with Samsung support, who have advised that the screen is clearly defective . Now I have to drive 45 minutes into town to find a UPS store to return this item, and then wait for them to refund my money . “_

Not bad isn’t it? 

**Code** : https://github.com/idoali/amazon_phone_review

**Data source** : https://www.kaggle.com/grikomsn/amazon-cell-phones-reviews
