# NFL-Surface-Analytics
In the NFL, 12 stadiums have fields with synthetic turf. Recent investigations of lower limb injuries among football athletes have indicated significantly higher injury rates on synthetic turf compared with natural turf (Mack et al., 2018; Loughran et al., 2019). In conjunction with the epidemiologic investigations, biomechanical studies of football cleat-surface interactions have shown that synthetic turf surfaces do not release cleats as readily as natural turf and may contribute to the incidence of non-contact lower limb injuries (Kent et al., 2015). Given these differences in cleat-turf interactions, it has yet to be determined whether player movement patterns and other measures of player performance differ across playing surfaces and how these may contribute to the incidence of lower limb injury.  Now, the NFL is challenging Kagglers to help them examine the effects that playing on synthetic turf versus natural turf can have on player movements and the factors that may contribute to lower extremity injuries. NFL player tracking, also known as Next Gen Stats, is the capture of real time location data, speed and acceleration for every player, every play on every inch of the field. As part of this challenge, the NFL has provided full player tracking of on-field position for 250 players over two regular season schedules. One hundred of the athletes in the study data set sustained one or more injuries during the study period that were identified as a non-contact injury of a type that may have turf interaction as a contributing factor to injury. The remaining 150 athletes serve as a representative sample of the larger NFL population that did not sustain a non-contact lower-limb injury during the study period. Details of the surface type and environmental parameters that may influence performance and outcome are also provided.
